
(array size / partition size / proc-thread count)

Test C0_0
- test parameters -
array capacity: 500
array partition size: 500
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Single process linear search
returned index: 324 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Single process linear search
returned index: 312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Single process linear search
returned index: 85 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Single process linear search
returned index: 40 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Single process linear search
returned index: 201 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Single process linear search
returned index: 17 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Single process linear search
returned index: 291 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Single process linear search
returned index: 73 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Single process linear search
returned index: 41 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Single process linear search
returned index: 163 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Single process linear search
returned index: 463 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Single process linear search
returned index: 182 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Single process linear search
returned index: 352 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Single process linear search
returned index: 443 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Single process linear search
returned index: 16 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Single process linear search
returned index: 237 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Single process linear search
returned index: 279 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Single process linear search
returned index: 30 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Single process linear search
returned index: 491 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Single process linear search
returned index: 327 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Single process linear search
returned index: 288 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Single process linear search
returned index: 279 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Single process linear search
returned index: 372 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Single process linear search
returned index: 271 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Single process linear search
returned index: 243 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Single process linear search
returned index: 91 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Single process linear search
returned index: 462 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Single process linear search
returned index: 30 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Single process linear search
returned index: 198 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Single process linear search
returned index: 52 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Single process linear search
returned index: 168 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Single process linear search
returned index: 177 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Single process linear search
returned index: 83 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Single process linear search
returned index: 229 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Single process linear search
returned index: 312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Single process linear search
returned index: 69 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Single process linear search
returned index: 1 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Single process linear search
returned index: 365 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Single process linear search
returned index: 69 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Single process linear search
returned index: 179 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Single process linear search
returned index: 48 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Single process linear search
returned index: 18 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Single process linear search
returned index: 328 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Single process linear search
returned index: 415 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Single process linear search
returned index: 66 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Single process linear search
returned index: 100 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Single process linear search
returned index: 79 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Single process linear search
returned index: 445 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Single process linear search
returned index: 81 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Single process linear search
returned index: 261 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Single process linear search
returned index: 93 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Single process linear search
returned index: 118 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Single process linear search
returned index: 372 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Single process linear search
returned index: 383 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Single process linear search
returned index: 305 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Single process linear search
returned index: 115 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Single process linear search
returned index: 347 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Single process linear search
returned index: 445 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Single process linear search
returned index: 412 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Single process linear search
returned index: 13 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Single process linear search
returned index: 218 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Single process linear search
returned index: 288 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Single process linear search
returned index: 115 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Single process linear search
returned index: 225 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Single process linear search
returned index: 224 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Single process linear search
returned index: 265 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Single process linear search
returned index: 134 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Single process linear search
returned index: 133 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Single process linear search
returned index: 312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Single process linear search
returned index: 1 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Single process linear search
returned index: 329 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Single process linear search
returned index: 79 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Single process linear search
returned index: 354 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Single process linear search
returned index: 155 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Single process linear search
returned index: 139 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Single process linear search
returned index: 409 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Single process linear search
returned index: 91 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Single process linear search
returned index: 14 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Single process linear search
returned index: 334 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Single process linear search
returned index: 303 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Single process linear search
returned index: 199 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Single process linear search
returned index: 312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Single process linear search
returned index: 451 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Single process linear search
returned index: 215 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Single process linear search
returned index: 12 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Single process linear search
returned index: 339 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Single process linear search
returned index: 25 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Single process linear search
returned index: 145 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Single process linear search
returned index: 286 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Single process linear search
returned index: 94 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Single process linear search
returned index: 373 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Single process linear search
returned index: 454 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Single process linear search
returned index: 170 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Single process linear search
returned index: 445 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Single process linear search
returned index: 50 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Single process linear search
returned index: 132 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Single process linear search
returned index: 309 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Single process linear search
returned index: 251 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Single process linear search
returned index: 222 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Single process linear search
returned index: 88 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 0.000000 µs
max: 1.024000 µs
avg: 0.197120 µs
stddev: 0.398351 µs

- end of test -

Test C0_1
- test parameters -
array capacity: 5000
array partition size: 5000
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Single process linear search
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Single process linear search
returned index: 4958 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Single process linear search
returned index: 4691 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Single process linear search
returned index: 3375 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Single process linear search
returned index: 1221 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Single process linear search
returned index: 1795 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Single process linear search
returned index: 2385 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Single process linear search
returned index: 1805 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Single process linear search
returned index: 4723 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Single process linear search
returned index: 3631 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Single process linear search
returned index: 2600 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Single process linear search
returned index: 2971 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Single process linear search
returned index: 457 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Single process linear search
returned index: 2828 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Single process linear search
returned index: 2551 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Single process linear search
returned index: 1605 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Single process linear search
returned index: 4937 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Single process linear search
returned index: 1396 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Single process linear search
returned index: 545 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Single process linear search
returned index: 1387 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Single process linear search
returned index: 255 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Single process linear search
returned index: 3597 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Single process linear search
returned index: 2373 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Single process linear search
returned index: 863 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Single process linear search
returned index: 2408 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Single process linear search
returned index: 4969 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Single process linear search
returned index: 729 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Single process linear search
returned index: 4042 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Single process linear search
returned index: 1356 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Single process linear search
returned index: 2195 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Single process linear search
returned index: 2813 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Single process linear search
returned index: 519 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Single process linear search
returned index: 2572 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Single process linear search
returned index: 1314 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Single process linear search
returned index: 1974 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Single process linear search
returned index: 2511 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Single process linear search
returned index: 3210 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Single process linear search
returned index: 1525 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Single process linear search
returned index: 1414 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Single process linear search
returned index: 1160 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Single process linear search
returned index: 2329 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Single process linear search
returned index: 949 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Single process linear search
returned index: 2234 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Single process linear search
returned index: 1090 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Single process linear search
returned index: 3052 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Single process linear search
returned index: 780 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Single process linear search
returned index: 2296 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Single process linear search
returned index: 1851 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Single process linear search
returned index: 1090 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Single process linear search
returned index: 1197 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Single process linear search
returned index: 4087 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Single process linear search
returned index: 870 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Single process linear search
returned index: 3636 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Single process linear search
returned index: 388 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Single process linear search
returned index: 4433 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Single process linear search
returned index: 696 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Single process linear search
returned index: 3338 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Single process linear search
returned index: 734 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Single process linear search
returned index: 4137 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Single process linear search
returned index: 3268 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Single process linear search
returned index: 1969 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Single process linear search
returned index: 307 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Single process linear search
returned index: 279 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Single process linear search
returned index: 4605 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Single process linear search
returned index: 724 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Single process linear search
returned index: 3499 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Single process linear search
returned index: 1967 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Single process linear search
returned index: 1431 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Single process linear search
returned index: 3402 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Single process linear search
returned index: 104 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Single process linear search
returned index: 2377 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Single process linear search
returned index: 1316 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Single process linear search
returned index: 812 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Single process linear search
returned index: 1995 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Single process linear search
returned index: 4086 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Single process linear search
returned index: 2547 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Single process linear search
returned index: 2544 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Single process linear search
returned index: 4616 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Single process linear search
returned index: 1149 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Single process linear search
returned index: 4266 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Single process linear search
returned index: 4511 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Single process linear search
returned index: 1785 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Single process linear search
returned index: 4642 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Single process linear search
returned index: 1527 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Single process linear search
returned index: 1532 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Single process linear search
returned index: 4171 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Single process linear search
returned index: 2431 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Single process linear search
returned index: 3965 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Single process linear search
returned index: 894 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Single process linear search
returned index: 2579 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Single process linear search
returned index: 0 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Single process linear search
returned index: 848 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Single process linear search
returned index: 1165 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Single process linear search
returned index: 1361 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Single process linear search
returned index: 2066 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Single process linear search
returned index: 2697 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Single process linear search
returned index: 2113 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Single process linear search
returned index: 3858 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Single process linear search
returned index: 492 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Single process linear search
returned index: 2136 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 1.024000 µs
max: 12.032000 µs
avg: 1.582080 µs
stddev: 1.174200 µs

- end of test -

Test C0_2
- test parameters -
array capacity: 10000
array partition size: 10000
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Single process linear search
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Single process linear search
returned index: 7620 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Single process linear search
returned index: 7416 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Single process linear search
returned index: 5351 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Single process linear search
returned index: 7777 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Single process linear search
returned index: 8839 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Single process linear search
returned index: 2633 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Single process linear search
returned index: 1361 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Single process linear search
returned index: 8808 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Single process linear search
returned index: 5810 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Single process linear search
returned index: 6998 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Single process linear search
returned index: 3415 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Single process linear search
returned index: 2667 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Single process linear search
returned index: 2137 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Single process linear search
returned index: 8737 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Single process linear search
returned index: 1749 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Single process linear search
returned index: 2897 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Single process linear search
returned index: 7627 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Single process linear search
returned index: 3739 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Single process linear search
returned index: 2505 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Single process linear search
returned index: 7096 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Single process linear search
returned index: 7470 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Single process linear search
returned index: 8039 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Single process linear search
returned index: 7975 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Single process linear search
returned index: 7325 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Single process linear search
returned index: 488 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Single process linear search
returned index: 3881 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Single process linear search
returned index: 5818 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Single process linear search
returned index: 8420 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Single process linear search
returned index: 3403 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Single process linear search
returned index: 1153 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Single process linear search
returned index: 775 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Single process linear search
returned index: 8497 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Single process linear search
returned index: 2979 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Single process linear search
returned index: 7009 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Single process linear search
returned index: 61 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Single process linear search
returned index: 5193 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Single process linear search
returned index: 8650 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Single process linear search
returned index: 5019 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Single process linear search
returned index: 7826 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Single process linear search
returned index: 9228 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Single process linear search
returned index: 6094 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Single process linear search
returned index: 3083 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Single process linear search
returned index: 4578 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Single process linear search
returned index: 4816 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Single process linear search
returned index: 9493 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Single process linear search
returned index: 5238 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Single process linear search
returned index: 104 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Single process linear search
returned index: 9900 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Single process linear search
returned index: 7323 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Single process linear search
returned index: 8559 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Single process linear search
returned index: 5050 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Single process linear search
returned index: 6825 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Single process linear search
returned index: 6234 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Single process linear search
returned index: 4801 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Single process linear search
returned index: 2496 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Single process linear search
returned index: 2593 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Single process linear search
returned index: 8614 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Single process linear search
returned index: 6137 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Single process linear search
returned index: 3817 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Single process linear search
returned index: 3746 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Single process linear search
returned index: 6033 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Single process linear search
returned index: 2989 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Single process linear search
returned index: 5627 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Single process linear search
returned index: 82 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Single process linear search
returned index: 3906 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Single process linear search
returned index: 982 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Single process linear search
returned index: 366 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Single process linear search
returned index: 7520 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Single process linear search
returned index: 1960 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Single process linear search
returned index: 5549 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Single process linear search
returned index: 7141 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Single process linear search
returned index: 2648 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Single process linear search
returned index: 3415 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Single process linear search
returned index: 1346 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Single process linear search
returned index: 1438 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Single process linear search
returned index: 3485 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Single process linear search
returned index: 3604 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Single process linear search
returned index: 5705 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Single process linear search
returned index: 2059 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Single process linear search
returned index: 733 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Single process linear search
returned index: 8569 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Single process linear search
returned index: 9738 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Single process linear search
returned index: 819 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Single process linear search
returned index: 5212 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Single process linear search
returned index: 4277 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Single process linear search
returned index: 3291 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Single process linear search
returned index: 7405 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Single process linear search
returned index: 2258 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Single process linear search
returned index: 304 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Single process linear search
returned index: 3054 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Single process linear search
returned index: 7077 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Single process linear search
returned index: 8050 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Single process linear search
returned index: 8450 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Single process linear search
returned index: 1488 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Single process linear search
returned index: 7593 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Single process linear search
returned index: 6482 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Single process linear search
returned index: 3047 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Single process linear search
returned index: 7845 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Single process linear search
returned index: 9172 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 4.096000 µs
max: 13.056000 µs
avg: 2.990080 µs
stddev: 1.106573 µs

- end of test -

Test C0_3
- test parameters -
array capacity: 20000
array partition size: 20000
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Single process linear search
returned index: 9709 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Single process linear search
returned index: 2840 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Single process linear search
returned index: 6598 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Single process linear search
returned index: 10264 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Single process linear search
returned index: 14886 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Single process linear search
returned index: 6149 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Single process linear search
returned index: 7939 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Single process linear search
returned index: 15442 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Single process linear search
returned index: 19009 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Single process linear search
returned index: 3439 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Single process linear search
returned index: 18399 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Single process linear search
returned index: 19599 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Single process linear search
returned index: 502 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Single process linear search
returned index: 17195 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Single process linear search
returned index: 1124 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Single process linear search
returned index: 930 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Single process linear search
returned index: 17562 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Single process linear search
returned index: 15330 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Single process linear search
returned index: 17338 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Single process linear search
returned index: 4866 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Single process linear search
returned index: 10245 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Single process linear search
returned index: 10611 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Single process linear search
returned index: 18963 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Single process linear search
returned index: 11512 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Single process linear search
returned index: 12238 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Single process linear search
returned index: 8028 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Single process linear search
returned index: 3907 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Single process linear search
returned index: 13622 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Single process linear search
returned index: 7553 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Single process linear search
returned index: 511 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Single process linear search
returned index: 12520 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Single process linear search
returned index: 8323 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Single process linear search
returned index: 7518 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Single process linear search
returned index: 1459 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Single process linear search
returned index: 12903 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Single process linear search
returned index: 2117 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Single process linear search
returned index: 19914 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Single process linear search
returned index: 182 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Single process linear search
returned index: 12511 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Single process linear search
returned index: 6904 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Single process linear search
returned index: 11755 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Single process linear search
returned index: 6577 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Single process linear search
returned index: 18385 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Single process linear search
returned index: 14637 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Single process linear search
returned index: 16554 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Single process linear search
returned index: 11790 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Single process linear search
returned index: 10931 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Single process linear search
returned index: 2901 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Single process linear search
returned index: 19374 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Single process linear search
returned index: 12942 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Single process linear search
returned index: 15788 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Single process linear search
returned index: 2927 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Single process linear search
returned index: 1372 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Single process linear search
returned index: 14085 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Single process linear search
returned index: 9282 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Single process linear search
returned index: 19049 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Single process linear search
returned index: 3789 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Single process linear search
returned index: 1179 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Single process linear search
returned index: 17679 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Single process linear search
returned index: 14035 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Single process linear search
returned index: 16194 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Single process linear search
returned index: 10337 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Single process linear search
returned index: 395 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Single process linear search
returned index: 17364 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Single process linear search
returned index: 14404 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Single process linear search
returned index: 362 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Single process linear search
returned index: 3923 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Single process linear search
returned index: 13524 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Single process linear search
returned index: 613 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Single process linear search
returned index: 9032 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Single process linear search
returned index: 19067 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Single process linear search
returned index: 15514 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Single process linear search
returned index: 10602 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Single process linear search
returned index: 17323 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Single process linear search
returned index: 9563 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Single process linear search
returned index: 16953 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Single process linear search
returned index: 5487 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Single process linear search
returned index: 11199 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Single process linear search
returned index: 6060 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Single process linear search
returned index: 17406 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Single process linear search
returned index: 572 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Single process linear search
returned index: 14493 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Single process linear search
returned index: 4348 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Single process linear search
returned index: 16041 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Single process linear search
returned index: 16366 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Single process linear search
returned index: 19123 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Single process linear search
returned index: 11 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Single process linear search
returned index: 4850 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Single process linear search
returned index: 9962 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Single process linear search
returned index: 6491 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Single process linear search
returned index: 16486 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Single process linear search
returned index: 3752 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Single process linear search
returned index: 12290 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Single process linear search
returned index: 11989 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Single process linear search
returned index: 9568 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Single process linear search
returned index: 15710 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Single process linear search
returned index: 18272 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Single process linear search
returned index: 18579 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Single process linear search
returned index: 4232 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Single process linear search
returned index: 417 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 6.144000 µs
max: 23.040000 µs
avg: 6.881280 µs
stddev: 2.722723 µs

- end of test -

Test C0_4
- test parameters -
array capacity: 25000
array partition size: 25000
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Single process linear search
returned index: 4709 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Single process linear search
returned index: 21435 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Single process linear search
returned index: 23809 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Single process linear search
returned index: 19662 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Single process linear search
returned index: 13219 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Single process linear search
returned index: 10995 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Single process linear search
returned index: 16195 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Single process linear search
returned index: 23458 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Single process linear search
returned index: 2616 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Single process linear search
returned index: 5581 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Single process linear search
returned index: 24037 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Single process linear search
returned index: 815 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Single process linear search
returned index: 5559 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Single process linear search
returned index: 3113 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Single process linear search
returned index: 13679 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Single process linear search
returned index: 10797 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Single process linear search
returned index: 13611 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Single process linear search
returned index: 9516 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Single process linear search
returned index: 7807 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Single process linear search
returned index: 690 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Single process linear search
returned index: 8439 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Single process linear search
returned index: 12802 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Single process linear search
returned index: 8036 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Single process linear search
returned index: 17383 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Single process linear search
returned index: 22984 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Single process linear search
returned index: 1522 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Single process linear search
returned index: 23628 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Single process linear search
returned index: 18964 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Single process linear search
returned index: 24458 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Single process linear search
returned index: 5249 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Single process linear search
returned index: 5277 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Single process linear search
returned index: 21766 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Single process linear search
returned index: 17518 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Single process linear search
returned index: 23154 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Single process linear search
returned index: 5164 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Single process linear search
returned index: 3825 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Single process linear search
returned index: 13956 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Single process linear search
returned index: 24460 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Single process linear search
returned index: 20191 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Single process linear search
returned index: 21943 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Single process linear search
returned index: 591 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Single process linear search
returned index: 4085 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Single process linear search
returned index: 19172 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Single process linear search
returned index: 7647 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Single process linear search
returned index: 11196 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Single process linear search
returned index: 5549 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Single process linear search
returned index: 990 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Single process linear search
returned index: 6172 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Single process linear search
returned index: 23357 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Single process linear search
returned index: 19378 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Single process linear search
returned index: 21167 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Single process linear search
returned index: 11753 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Single process linear search
returned index: 6014 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Single process linear search
returned index: 17288 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Single process linear search
returned index: 14807 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Single process linear search
returned index: 12209 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Single process linear search
returned index: 2943 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Single process linear search
returned index: 22639 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Single process linear search
returned index: 11373 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Single process linear search
returned index: 13966 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Single process linear search
returned index: 18931 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Single process linear search
returned index: 5208 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Single process linear search
returned index: 17092 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Single process linear search
returned index: 1325 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Single process linear search
returned index: 9323 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Single process linear search
returned index: 23209 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Single process linear search
returned index: 6943 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Single process linear search
returned index: 14079 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Single process linear search
returned index: 7209 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Single process linear search
returned index: 13003 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Single process linear search
returned index: 16744 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Single process linear search
returned index: 4821 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Single process linear search
returned index: 23926 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Single process linear search
returned index: 19080 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Single process linear search
returned index: 4635 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Single process linear search
returned index: 7200 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Single process linear search
returned index: 1342 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Single process linear search
returned index: 6815 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Single process linear search
returned index: 11670 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Single process linear search
returned index: 18711 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Single process linear search
returned index: 22870 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Single process linear search
returned index: 6323 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Single process linear search
returned index: 2322 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Single process linear search
returned index: 1632 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Single process linear search
returned index: 1246 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Single process linear search
returned index: 9650 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Single process linear search
returned index: 22303 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Single process linear search
returned index: 3551 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Single process linear search
returned index: 8321 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Single process linear search
returned index: 16989 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Single process linear search
returned index: 17490 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Single process linear search
returned index: 19984 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Single process linear search
returned index: 12924 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Single process linear search
returned index: 4320 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Single process linear search
returned index: 24754 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Single process linear search
returned index: 11118 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Single process linear search
returned index: 17508 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Single process linear search
returned index: 11271 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Single process linear search
returned index: 16377 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Single process linear search
returned index: 21347 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 9.984000 µs
max: 12.032000 µs
avg: 10.209280 µs
stddev: 0.450485 µs

- end of test -

Test P0_0
- test parameters -
array capacity: 500
array partition size: 25
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 324 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 85 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 40 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 201 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 291 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 73 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 41 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 163 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 463 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 182 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 352 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 443 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 237 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 279 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 30 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 491 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 327 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 288 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 279 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 372 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 271 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 243 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 91 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 462 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 30 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 198 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 52 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 168 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 177 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 83 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 229 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 69 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 365 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 69 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 179 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 48 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 328 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 415 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 66 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 100 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 79 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 445 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 81 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 261 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 93 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 118 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 372 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 383 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 305 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 115 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 347 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 445 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 412 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 218 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 288 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 115 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 225 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 224 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 265 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 134 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 133 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 329 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 79 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 354 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 155 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 139 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 409 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 91 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 334 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 303 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 199 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 451 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 215 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 339 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 25 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 145 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 286 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 94 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 373 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 454 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 170 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 445 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 50 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 132 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 309 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 251 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 222 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 88 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 400.128000 µs
max: 446.976000 µs
avg: 299.166720 µs
stddev: 36.970706 µs

- end of test -

Test P0_1
- test parameters -
array capacity: 5000
array partition size: 25
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4958 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4691 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3375 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1221 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1795 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2385 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1805 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4723 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3631 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2600 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2971 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 457 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2828 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2551 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1605 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4937 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1396 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 545 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1387 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 255 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3597 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2373 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 863 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2408 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4969 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 729 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4042 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1356 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2195 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2813 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 519 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2572 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1314 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1974 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2511 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3210 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1525 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1414 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1160 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2329 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 949 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2234 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1090 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3052 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 780 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2296 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1851 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1090 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1197 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4087 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 870 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3636 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 388 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4433 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 696 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3338 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 734 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4137 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3268 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1969 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 307 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 279 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4605 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 724 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3499 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1967 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1431 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3402 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 104 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2377 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1316 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 812 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1995 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4086 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2547 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2544 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4616 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1149 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4266 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4511 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1785 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4642 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1527 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1532 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4171 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2431 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3965 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 894 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2579 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 0 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 848 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1165 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1361 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2066 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2697 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2113 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3858 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 492 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2136 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 2256.896000 µs
max: 3454.976000 µs
avg: 2311.272960 µs
stddev: 275.690356 µs

- end of test -

Test P0_2
- test parameters -
array capacity: 10000
array partition size: 25
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7620 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7416 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5351 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7777 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8839 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2633 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1361 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8808 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5810 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6998 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3415 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2667 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2137 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8737 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1749 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2897 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7627 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3739 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2505 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7096 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7470 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8039 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7975 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7325 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 488 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3881 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5818 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8420 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3403 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1153 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 775 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8497 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2979 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7009 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 61 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5193 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8650 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5019 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7826 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9228 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6094 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3083 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4578 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4816 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9493 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5238 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 104 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9900 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7323 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8559 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5050 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6825 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6234 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4801 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2496 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2593 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8614 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6137 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3817 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3746 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6033 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2989 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5627 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 82 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3906 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 982 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 366 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7520 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1960 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5549 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7141 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2648 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3415 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1346 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1438 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3485 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3604 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5705 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2059 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 733 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8569 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9738 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 819 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5212 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4277 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3291 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7405 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2258 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 304 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3054 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7077 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8050 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8450 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1488 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7593 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6482 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3047 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7845 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9172 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 4969.984000 µs
max: 28219.136000 µs
avg: 6908.748800 µs
stddev: 3528.147252 µs

- end of test -

Test P0_3
- test parameters -
array capacity: 20000
array partition size: 25
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 637 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10692 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 367 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14827 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8936 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7035 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 954 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4272 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13947 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7846 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9229 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15338 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16539 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15851 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2096 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16698 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17963 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6828 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14701 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17526 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2537 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13517 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6901 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8072 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12670 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19591 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16138 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9635 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19174 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9618 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18055 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19270 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4728 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10032 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11166 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9033 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2086 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12104 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14374 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11241 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4022 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13933 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4759 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 162 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3785 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 538 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8978 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 622 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7819 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10548 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11228 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12957 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4634 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6957 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3276 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10231 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12028 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3768 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3009 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1432 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10700 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2740 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19073 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19040 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4286 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13808 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13632 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19882 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15068 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8483 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10992 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9654 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5028 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14825 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11351 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5827 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4989 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9101 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7326 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5968 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1693 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8048 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12502 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9378 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11833 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18441 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6521 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18705 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3320 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6047 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16610 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16110 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5288 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10623 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4367 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9157 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3647 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5680 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 14550.016000 µs
max: 19964.928000 µs
avg: 15559.731200 µs
stddev: 1444.219998 µs

- end of test -

Test P0_4
- test parameters -
array capacity: 25000
array partition size: 25
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8461 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18455 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17406 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4912 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5385 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1090 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21407 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19280 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7368 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16627 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6372 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12680 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11904 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7500 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6258 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9785 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9107 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11510 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17562 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5960 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24752 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5248 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24259 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11612 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5728 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18202 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6179 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17871 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17749 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22190 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23692 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3268 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3963 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18307 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9957 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8681 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7822 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12178 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18154 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1574 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3899 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5159 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3508 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3102 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18846 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9701 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3378 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10359 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9124 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8537 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18031 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17377 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6878 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4211 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20322 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13059 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5169 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19671 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4282 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14642 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12647 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21852 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21237 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6453 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23949 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6358 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20287 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12257 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5051 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14028 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3855 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8498 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13586 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3347 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24823 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3298 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5145 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23179 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16594 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5907 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9849 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14127 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24782 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22328 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4534 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16782 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5631 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13841 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10043 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18047 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14065 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12223 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10125 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20963 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20635 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2669 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18889 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19418 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7905 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9092 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 20559.104000 µs
max: 30162.944000 µs
avg: 22578.398720 µs
stddev: 2397.133670 µs

- end of test -

Test P1_0
- test parameters -
array capacity: 500
array partition size: 50
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 445 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 451 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 213 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 170 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 250 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 409 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 410 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 190 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 298 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 208 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 439 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 238 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 477 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 265 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 366 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 118 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 357 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 459 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 473 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 95 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 368 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 367 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 268 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 373 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 384 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 368 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 123 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 46 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 365 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 282 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 145 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 309 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 391 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 41 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 37 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 62 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 89 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 87 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 269 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 485 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 49 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 325 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 130 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 200 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 250 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 160 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 469 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 323 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 409 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 331 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 107 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 381 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 492 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 37 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 281 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 170 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 91 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 105 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 311 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 381 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 31 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 371 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 230 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 288 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 362 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 179 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 392 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 468 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 454 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 461 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 265 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 148 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 168 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 27 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 195 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 260 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 189 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 484 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 87 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 141 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 160 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 494 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 395 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 157 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 391 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 362 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 479 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 182 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 373 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 329 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 41 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 247 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 223 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 96.000000 µs
max: 217.088000 µs
avg: 100.098560 µs
stddev: 16.022620 µs

- end of test -

Test P1_1
- test parameters -
array capacity: 5000
array partition size: 50
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3476 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3784 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2641 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4775 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 676 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1610 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2657 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1755 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1330 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3940 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 670 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2738 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2123 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4665 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1206 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1372 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2114 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3056 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4974 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3430 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1081 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 673 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1237 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 174 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 124 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1189 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2405 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 754 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2187 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1140 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 930 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1718 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1154 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2954 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3360 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2882 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 488 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2074 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4777 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3822 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3327 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3544 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1596 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2611 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3767 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3481 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 655 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4108 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1948 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3060 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2278 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4141 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4769 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4102 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2460 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1946 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4955 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1581 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1348 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1715 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1814 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2394 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3723 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2785 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2503 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 590 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3804 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3090 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2891 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2947 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4514 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2377 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 445 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3112 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3852 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4847 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2020 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 38 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 109 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1658 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4246 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4706 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1981 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1201 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3413 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2389 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4986 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3901 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3479 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2262 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 601 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2584 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2556 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4509 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4082 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 526 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 188 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3356 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3925 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 1040.896000 µs
max: 1764.864000 µs
avg: 1133.432320 µs
stddev: 161.329905 µs

- end of test -

Test P1_2
- test parameters -
array capacity: 10000
array partition size: 50
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9672 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8362 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5542 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2167 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9017 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1041 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1783 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3869 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2418 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2172 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7209 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3800 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2683 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3112 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7987 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9781 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8822 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4302 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6679 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7427 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5136 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5222 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6759 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8902 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1597 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5783 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1136 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 962 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1361 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9774 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5101 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1677 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6679 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 280 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4542 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 950 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7872 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4298 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4622 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 43 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7882 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5947 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5748 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3266 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1780 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6834 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8454 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2524 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7611 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9462 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2036 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9372 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3107 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2834 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1813 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3414 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6838 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3484 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3416 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8077 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6989 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5097 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1022 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2445 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9322 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1103 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3389 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7468 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 719 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1702 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6612 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5592 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1893 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3452 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 668 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 291 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6643 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1058 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9432 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9530 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 907 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5388 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6592 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2111 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2714 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2036 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9794 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3316 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8896 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5745 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2616 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1365 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1178 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8094 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2178 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4659 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7469 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6366 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3975 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4805 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 2280.960000 µs
max: 3526.912000 µs
avg: 2283.571200 µs
stddev: 204.299688 µs

- end of test -

Test P1_3
- test parameters -
array capacity: 20000
array partition size: 50
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9547 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4871 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5747 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2737 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2138 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17842 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14226 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5720 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12298 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13699 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12768 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16196 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1941 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 687 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6828 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 572 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19770 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3214 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16467 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 506 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15460 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11705 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8788 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18653 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3371 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1692 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5843 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17768 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13687 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9305 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9693 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3842 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3058 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9921 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15265 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4218 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13050 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18068 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3439 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18179 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8589 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4031 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16063 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10255 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14968 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3650 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2824 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1166 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2447 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5246 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13678 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3929 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13077 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1329 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14798 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6546 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14959 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15925 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14124 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4329 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7373 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5077 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8705 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6491 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2097 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3814 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3945 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19762 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12608 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5594 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9934 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9633 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2567 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6379 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13892 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2150 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4970 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19350 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11650 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8743 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9275 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15236 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18621 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5118 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2726 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17348 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6654 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17973 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3184 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16752 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13330 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17106 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12836 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2692 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8806 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16269 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10239 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17853 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6790 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 720 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 4822.784000 µs
max: 7545.088000 µs
avg: 5087.439360 µs
stddev: 435.600752 µs

- end of test -

Test P1_4
- test parameters -
array capacity: 25000
array partition size: 50
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24750 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15401 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21360 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4657 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2749 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19379 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 42 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19678 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23451 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6851 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15859 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6505 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1881 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21851 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24130 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19793 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6102 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13050 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9273 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8346 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12085 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14342 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22327 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14766 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23754 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10295 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13071 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13254 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5882 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18690 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 767 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22198 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17442 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15439 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24942 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3162 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11737 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3304 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8598 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 608 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8836 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24707 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9804 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14504 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8929 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12798 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13721 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21325 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12555 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10042 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13905 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18621 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9251 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4284 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23539 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7065 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22217 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14467 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2176 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18411 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21181 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12196 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16497 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17411 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9584 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7880 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16976 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7007 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13481 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11324 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1270 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17496 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1136 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21845 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13272 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14557 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17824 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23119 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 692 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2794 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15898 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6503 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4512 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24205 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10654 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4032 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20598 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4153 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10938 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18828 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12780 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19754 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18108 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11525 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8369 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5768 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19368 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14177 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14000 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 7194.880000 µs
max: 8797.952000 µs
avg: 7005.557760 µs
stddev: 540.087697 µs

- end of test -

Test P2_0
- test parameters -
array capacity: 500
array partition size: 125
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 185 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 398 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 129 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 230 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 322 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 70 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 156 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 180 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 418 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 380 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 39 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 221 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 409 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 209 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 384 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 176 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 483 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 289 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 225 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 118 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 70 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 410 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 357 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 402 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 68 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 118 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 477 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 276 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 174 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 157 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 132 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 385 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 330 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 213 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 257 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 277 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 319 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 198 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 393 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 446 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 371 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 347 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 448 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 296 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 436 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 421 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 479 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 431 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 91 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 293 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 358 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 292 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 487 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 496 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 32 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 299 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 136 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 111 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 182 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 148 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 303 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 84 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 78 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 230 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 474 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 168 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 194 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 77 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 437 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 59 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 194 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 308 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 174 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 451 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 196 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 243 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 65 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 435 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 237 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 364 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 287 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 161 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 392 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 193 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 367 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 434 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 366 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 135 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 330 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 64 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 324 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 272 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 126 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 172 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 40.192000 µs
max: 125.952000 µs
avg: 49.210880 µs
stddev: 18.132256 µs

- end of test -

Test P2_1
- test parameters -
array capacity: 5000
array partition size: 125
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2036 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2159 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4817 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2503 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4981 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3088 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1440 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1769 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 372 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1013 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 307 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1699 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4269 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 395 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2606 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4192 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 292 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4263 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4196 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 928 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3382 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1204 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 898 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 431 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2403 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3623 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1443 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4436 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3532 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3474 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4347 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 795 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4292 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1883 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3336 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1300 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 904 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4172 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3282 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 153 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3826 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 518 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1277 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2695 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2301 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1655 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1658 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 913 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4877 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 815 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3197 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3953 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4659 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3459 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 797 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 71 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3940 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2681 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 630 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1615 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4913 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4114 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1798 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1875 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 216 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 959 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4046 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3243 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 812 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3692 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4906 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3584 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4585 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1847 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2588 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 997 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4258 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 249 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3442 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1501 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4790 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 490 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1327 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4891 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1177 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 351 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3087 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3869 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1595 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3927 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 225 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4599 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 75 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1083 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2590 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1264 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3549 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4252 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2465 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1675 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 399.104000 µs
max: 764.928000 µs
avg: 442.964480 µs
stddev: 68.782065 µs

- end of test -

Test P2_2
- test parameters -
array capacity: 10000
array partition size: 125
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1704 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4744 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3994 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 796 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2179 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2396 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4875 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8022 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5793 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6348 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9751 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3820 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8322 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3051 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3498 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 839 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1542 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2706 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3387 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6686 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8683 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9421 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4459 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5038 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2074 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7357 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5598 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8504 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4377 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7896 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1520 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1243 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8181 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9751 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4003 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2774 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8063 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9049 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5051 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7184 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7383 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9052 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5618 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8790 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6744 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9911 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4942 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6815 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4063 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 275 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6323 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 746 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2932 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3540 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6497 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8516 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2764 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8310 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3052 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8077 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5353 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4289 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2998 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5318 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9657 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3321 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9451 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9584 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3781 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5348 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7589 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9350 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8526 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6272 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7478 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8973 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8982 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5892 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2174 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8865 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6595 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7952 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2090 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8768 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1197 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5981 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8017 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7413 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1770 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9389 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2991 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9568 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6086 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4089 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8477 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4850 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4203 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9886 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5788 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 828.928000 µs
max: 1317.120000 µs
avg: 869.726720 µs
stddev: 98.047927 µs

- end of test -

Test P2_3
- test parameters -
array capacity: 20000
array partition size: 125
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1935 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12753 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13599 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16506 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6701 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8245 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15112 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18735 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1128 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8637 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17175 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7026 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17680 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16724 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5484 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5191 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15538 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3615 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7965 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17869 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8120 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3997 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11694 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6591 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19931 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2124 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17406 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6352 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9700 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4573 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18800 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9377 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14005 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3484 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3838 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2481 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19966 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 240 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15361 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 42 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16573 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19945 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3419 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16629 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16846 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14528 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15219 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19213 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 168 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13691 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11284 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3016 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19460 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8238 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7670 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 540 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6141 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4164 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16713 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9659 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14770 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15936 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1108 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1522 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3773 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13696 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13744 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9471 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2613 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 49 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13032 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1558 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16707 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4452 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7747 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3938 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13844 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15205 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13199 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6362 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14190 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12710 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12176 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13272 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16063 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12815 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9619 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 836 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13392 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10110 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12886 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17230 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5194 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15690 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7440 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7421 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7333 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3228 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13891 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8747 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 2140.160000 µs
max: 3148.032000 µs
avg: 1822.814720 µs
stddev: 231.440014 µs

- end of test -

Test P2_4
- test parameters -
array capacity: 25000
array partition size: 125
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23298 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17227 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13219 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18537 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22593 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4136 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19497 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23361 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20259 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5237 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18231 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12638 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20870 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16303 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14482 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16316 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21583 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 464 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7495 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8642 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14364 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13605 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17879 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1112 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19840 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22569 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16922 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14638 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19995 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5807 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16600 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9041 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20036 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19835 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22029 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4491 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20237 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17903 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22155 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13609 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12944 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17989 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1136 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1841 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22456 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21389 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3626 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 392 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5561 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7379 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21081 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3300 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5480 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23938 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4601 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2246 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 948 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23313 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6354 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6548 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12624 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 849 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 296 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12663 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7777 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 862 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7647 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18561 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21632 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22147 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15841 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15917 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 399 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17970 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5381 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14812 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21490 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5745 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12738 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6207 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13606 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19959 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4338 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 311 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5729 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23048 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5870 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10523 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5686 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9200 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10397 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11748 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22921 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11057 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15720 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23512 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11018 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5052 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21087 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10402 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 2867.968000 µs
max: 3087.104000 µs
avg: 2430.433280 µs
stddev: 234.376338 µs

- end of test -

Test P3_0
- test parameters -
array capacity: 500
array partition size: 250
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 282 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 303 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 296 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 450 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 373 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 109 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 139 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 25 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 372 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 86 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 404 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 394 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 121 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 161 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 308 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 468 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 287 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 172 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 306 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 124 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 192 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 431 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 463 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 175 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 346 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 321 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 167 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 450 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 480 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 126 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 286 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 150 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 307 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 255 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 165 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 337 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 395 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 107 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 124 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 326 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 46 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 108 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 211 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 496 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 333 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 232 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 304 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 80 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 210 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 390 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 152 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 28 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 259 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 346 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 427 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 230 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 302 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 180 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 240 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 51 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 243 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 125 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 294 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 103 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 387 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 397 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 361 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 261 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 283 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 281 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 217 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 202 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 284 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 343 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 163 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 73 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 457 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 84 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 55 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 299 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 25 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 365 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 448 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 194 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 136 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 333 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 127 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 27 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 294 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 110 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 211 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 430 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 145 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 295 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 348 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 311 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 24.064000 µs
max: 67.072000 µs
avg: 25.687040 µs
stddev: 5.419503 µs

- end of test -

Test P3_1
- test parameters -
array capacity: 5000
array partition size: 250
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 63 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 565 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4838 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2740 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3490 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2627 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3106 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3812 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4941 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3008 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3415 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3987 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 424 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3166 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3223 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2731 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3910 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2084 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4579 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4028 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2913 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4364 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1260 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4908 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 510 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1732 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1111 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4884 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2228 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2246 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2485 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1292 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1314 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2968 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3563 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4206 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1353 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 221 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 711 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3995 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2252 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 152 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 441 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2737 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4068 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2095 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3983 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3639 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4518 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 369 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4333 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1359 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2104 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2461 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3142 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3457 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 256 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3231 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 271 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2712 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 786 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1121 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 159 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1420 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4749 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1820 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1667 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3996 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1596 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4741 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3955 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1011 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4155 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3038 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3103 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1572 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4230 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1031 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4432 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4599 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3709 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3382 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4647 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2883 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1412 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2979 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2814 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1353 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3153 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 436 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2537 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3783 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2011 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4370 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1844 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4133 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 906 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3553 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4235 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3108 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 226.048000 µs
max: 467.968000 µs
avg: 232.432640 µs
stddev: 46.668814 µs

- end of test -

Test P3_2
- test parameters -
array capacity: 10000
array partition size: 250
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7882 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 299 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2174 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8928 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3317 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6656 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5881 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9979 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9414 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1840 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9349 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4957 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3532 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8115 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3568 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2856 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5135 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8733 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9347 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8236 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8497 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2083 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4832 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8365 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9931 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3881 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2000 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2627 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 691 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7716 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5807 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6082 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1313 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3409 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7676 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8181 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7123 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 59 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6486 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2466 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2356 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4323 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5800 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3007 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7721 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1007 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6019 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5017 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2161 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3274 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4738 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6677 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5267 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5933 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 194 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5691 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9557 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1674 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5518 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5609 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1203 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3551 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1314 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8211 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3253 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5081 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4802 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9507 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 437 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9586 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3160 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7247 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1876 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4950 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6906 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2352 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4818 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3176 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7802 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5665 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2069 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4822 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6711 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5815 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1661 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7138 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2728 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4571 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1060 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1157 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1042 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3641 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9872 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3132 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9687 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4431 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4967 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1053 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 409.088000 µs
max: 774.144000 µs
avg: 467.484160 µs
stddev: 68.792072 µs

- end of test -

Test P3_3
- test parameters -
array capacity: 20000
array partition size: 250
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16988 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1451 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13922 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7617 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2295 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15998 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8103 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6311 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7222 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1582 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17856 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13419 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12761 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4140 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9810 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11306 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7663 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19463 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15232 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 780 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16289 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14600 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14529 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12844 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6203 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8969 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18583 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5713 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16194 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11554 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14912 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4952 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 694 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16058 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17097 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6882 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6059 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10930 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1905 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 910 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15859 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7128 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3003 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18724 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1759 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3967 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17260 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1536 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2136 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8890 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18456 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9490 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11500 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 542 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14534 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17323 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16050 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19302 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14989 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2167 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10442 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13511 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 200 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5449 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3578 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7190 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2827 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12618 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14504 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12483 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17130 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10847 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18878 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1602 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5726 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6365 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14707 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14748 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7628 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2752 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13831 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5731 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1426 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9400 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8282 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12584 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3699 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3600 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3468 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8795 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17354 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17552 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5041 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6074 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18573 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 780 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8603 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 992 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13127 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 1568.000000 µs
max: 1568.000000 µs
avg: 883.706880 µs
stddev: 110.515259 µs

- end of test -

Test P3_4
- test parameters -
array capacity: 25000
array partition size: 250
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22012 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4447 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13134 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9325 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 807 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8230 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2963 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23271 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8667 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19615 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13604 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14748 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19889 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8476 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17818 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1530 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13763 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19263 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5717 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 291 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16643 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21515 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4784 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12458 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24573 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18490 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4420 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16022 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9108 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17924 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7433 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20884 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13983 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7878 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19116 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5820 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20090 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23855 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10712 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17963 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17052 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11271 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8821 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14178 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10983 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4980 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18531 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4459 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14920 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4716 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3257 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4332 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18062 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2239 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19310 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13780 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4679 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15806 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10532 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11038 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20420 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14502 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17742 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24268 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14617 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2491 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14671 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5115 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4783 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7970 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21765 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14338 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24662 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22742 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6137 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15067 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 156 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13371 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8431 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 973 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11314 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8415 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20517 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1417 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 804 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8417 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24789 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 540 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 434 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24572 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24367 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12389 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19087 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19236 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6718 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24903 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2668 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20927 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11821 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 1036.032000 µs
max: 1896.192000 µs
avg: 1116.349440 µs
stddev: 141.951586 µs

- end of test -

