
(array size / partition size / proc-thread count)

Test C0_0
- test parameters -
array capacity: 500
array partition size: 500
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Single process linear search
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Single process linear search
returned index: 24 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Single process linear search
returned index: 196 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Single process linear search
returned index: 302 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Single process linear search
returned index: 180 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Single process linear search
returned index: 426 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Single process linear search
returned index: 439 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Single process linear search
returned index: 362 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Single process linear search
returned index: 160 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Single process linear search
returned index: 8 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Single process linear search
returned index: 120 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Single process linear search
returned index: 329 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Single process linear search
returned index: 94 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Single process linear search
returned index: 92 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Single process linear search
returned index: 456 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Single process linear search
returned index: 316 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Single process linear search
returned index: 492 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Single process linear search
returned index: 297 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Single process linear search
returned index: 29 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Single process linear search
returned index: 112 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Single process linear search
returned index: 321 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Single process linear search
returned index: 243 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Single process linear search
returned index: 51 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Single process linear search
returned index: 246 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Single process linear search
returned index: 200 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Single process linear search
returned index: 230 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Single process linear search
returned index: 368 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Single process linear search
returned index: 34 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Single process linear search
returned index: 9 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Single process linear search
returned index: 422 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Single process linear search
returned index: 306 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Single process linear search
returned index: 235 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Single process linear search
returned index: 166 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Single process linear search
returned index: 269 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Single process linear search
returned index: 63 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Single process linear search
returned index: 18 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Single process linear search
returned index: 215 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Single process linear search
returned index: 233 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Single process linear search
returned index: 249 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Single process linear search
returned index: 91 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Single process linear search
returned index: 263 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Single process linear search
returned index: 10 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Single process linear search
returned index: 296 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Single process linear search
returned index: 353 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Single process linear search
returned index: 46 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Single process linear search
returned index: 28 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Single process linear search
returned index: 2 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Single process linear search
returned index: 275 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Single process linear search
returned index: 262 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Single process linear search
returned index: 100 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Single process linear search
returned index: 188 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Single process linear search
returned index: 379 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Single process linear search
returned index: 65 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Single process linear search
returned index: 488 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Single process linear search
returned index: 65 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Single process linear search
returned index: 427 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Single process linear search
returned index: 11 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Single process linear search
returned index: 434 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Single process linear search
returned index: 320 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Single process linear search
returned index: 272 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Single process linear search
returned index: 92 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Single process linear search
returned index: 425 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Single process linear search
returned index: 220 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Single process linear search
returned index: 141 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Single process linear search
returned index: 158 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Single process linear search
returned index: 157 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Single process linear search
returned index: 392 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Single process linear search
returned index: 176 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Single process linear search
returned index: 70 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Single process linear search
returned index: 258 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Single process linear search
returned index: 334 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Single process linear search
returned index: 31 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Single process linear search
returned index: 89 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Single process linear search
returned index: 359 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Single process linear search
returned index: 255 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Single process linear search
returned index: 362 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Single process linear search
returned index: 239 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Single process linear search
returned index: 220 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Single process linear search
returned index: 70 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Single process linear search
returned index: 395 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Single process linear search
returned index: 414 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Single process linear search
returned index: 3 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Single process linear search
returned index: 466 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Single process linear search
returned index: 77 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Single process linear search
returned index: 15 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Single process linear search
returned index: 499 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Single process linear search
returned index: 428 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Single process linear search
returned index: 417 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Single process linear search
returned index: 117 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Single process linear search
returned index: 51 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Single process linear search
returned index: 67 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Single process linear search
returned index: 194 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Single process linear search
returned index: 381 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Single process linear search
returned index: 476 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Single process linear search
returned index: 434 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Single process linear search
returned index: 30 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Single process linear search
returned index: 462 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Single process linear search
returned index: 4 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Single process linear search
returned index: 419 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Single process linear search
returned index: 21 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 0.000000 µs
max: 1.024000 µs
avg: 0.261120 µs
stddev: 0.444121 µs

- end of test -

Test C0_1
- test parameters -
array capacity: 5000
array partition size: 5000
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Single process linear search
returned index: 3183 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Single process linear search
returned index: 339 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Single process linear search
returned index: 3037 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Single process linear search
returned index: 4819 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Single process linear search
returned index: 2393 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Single process linear search
returned index: 2602 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Single process linear search
returned index: 324 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Single process linear search
returned index: 1611 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Single process linear search
returned index: 1410 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Single process linear search
returned index: 4452 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Single process linear search
returned index: 3206 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Single process linear search
returned index: 2575 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Single process linear search
returned index: 4467 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Single process linear search
returned index: 794 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Single process linear search
returned index: 1215 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Single process linear search
returned index: 61 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Single process linear search
returned index: 485 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Single process linear search
returned index: 2933 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Single process linear search
returned index: 4232 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Single process linear search
returned index: 2 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Single process linear search
returned index: 1894 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Single process linear search
returned index: 4130 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Single process linear search
returned index: 2597 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Single process linear search
returned index: 2104 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Single process linear search
returned index: 2898 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Single process linear search
returned index: 2578 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Single process linear search
returned index: 4315 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Single process linear search
returned index: 2058 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Single process linear search
returned index: 3992 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Single process linear search
returned index: 2806 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Single process linear search
returned index: 2997 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Single process linear search
returned index: 3699 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Single process linear search
returned index: 2216 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Single process linear search
returned index: 4693 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Single process linear search
returned index: 3306 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Single process linear search
returned index: 3779 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Single process linear search
returned index: 4699 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Single process linear search
returned index: 3272 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Single process linear search
returned index: 3500 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Single process linear search
returned index: 983 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Single process linear search
returned index: 3946 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Single process linear search
returned index: 1014 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Single process linear search
returned index: 1467 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Single process linear search
returned index: 4898 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Single process linear search
returned index: 2430 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Single process linear search
returned index: 1159 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Single process linear search
returned index: 1766 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Single process linear search
returned index: 4181 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Single process linear search
returned index: 4337 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Single process linear search
returned index: 2238 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Single process linear search
returned index: 1041 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Single process linear search
returned index: 4139 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Single process linear search
returned index: 360 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Single process linear search
returned index: 2267 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Single process linear search
returned index: 1019 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Single process linear search
returned index: 2262 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Single process linear search
returned index: 4342 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Single process linear search
returned index: 188 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Single process linear search
returned index: 2618 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Single process linear search
returned index: 3817 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Single process linear search
returned index: 2541 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Single process linear search
returned index: 3476 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Single process linear search
returned index: 2974 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Single process linear search
returned index: 1118 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Single process linear search
returned index: 4126 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Single process linear search
returned index: 4373 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Single process linear search
returned index: 1041 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Single process linear search
returned index: 756 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Single process linear search
returned index: 1124 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Single process linear search
returned index: 2207 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Single process linear search
returned index: 3542 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Single process linear search
returned index: 1339 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Single process linear search
returned index: 4080 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Single process linear search
returned index: 4514 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Single process linear search
returned index: 2665 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Single process linear search
returned index: 2815 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Single process linear search
returned index: 3854 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Single process linear search
returned index: 3225 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Single process linear search
returned index: 2269 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Single process linear search
returned index: 233 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Single process linear search
returned index: 4358 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Single process linear search
returned index: 1058 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Single process linear search
returned index: 1936 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Single process linear search
returned index: 1172 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Single process linear search
returned index: 160 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Single process linear search
returned index: 710 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Single process linear search
returned index: 1883 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Single process linear search
returned index: 441 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Single process linear search
returned index: 4049 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Single process linear search
returned index: 4166 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Single process linear search
returned index: 653 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Single process linear search
returned index: 4608 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Single process linear search
returned index: 896 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Single process linear search
returned index: 4319 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Single process linear search
returned index: 3212 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Single process linear search
returned index: 3036 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Single process linear search
returned index: 2812 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Single process linear search
returned index: 109 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Single process linear search
returned index: 1454 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Single process linear search
returned index: 2457 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 1.792000 µs
max: 11.008000 µs
avg: 1.625600 µs
stddev: 1.069765 µs

- end of test -

Test C0_2
- test parameters -
array capacity: 10000
array partition size: 10000
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Single process linear search
returned index: 1581 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Single process linear search
returned index: 7441 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Single process linear search
returned index: 8786 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Single process linear search
returned index: 4714 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Single process linear search
returned index: 6623 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Single process linear search
returned index: 131 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Single process linear search
returned index: 6061 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Single process linear search
returned index: 8081 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Single process linear search
returned index: 6403 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Single process linear search
returned index: 5245 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Single process linear search
returned index: 6479 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Single process linear search
returned index: 6519 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Single process linear search
returned index: 7704 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Single process linear search
returned index: 9645 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Single process linear search
returned index: 8142 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Single process linear search
returned index: 5074 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Single process linear search
returned index: 1477 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Single process linear search
returned index: 3523 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Single process linear search
returned index: 722 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Single process linear search
returned index: 6808 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Single process linear search
returned index: 8626 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Single process linear search
returned index: 9628 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Single process linear search
returned index: 470 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Single process linear search
returned index: 6812 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Single process linear search
returned index: 1950 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Single process linear search
returned index: 9208 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Single process linear search
returned index: 4883 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Single process linear search
returned index: 8198 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Single process linear search
returned index: 8961 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Single process linear search
returned index: 1573 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Single process linear search
returned index: 2952 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Single process linear search
returned index: 6692 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Single process linear search
returned index: 7599 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Single process linear search
returned index: 8722 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Single process linear search
returned index: 6101 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Single process linear search
returned index: 3904 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Single process linear search
returned index: 4104 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Single process linear search
returned index: 529 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Single process linear search
returned index: 6793 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Single process linear search
returned index: 6852 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Single process linear search
returned index: 297 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Single process linear search
returned index: 8553 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Single process linear search
returned index: 2139 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Single process linear search
returned index: 8489 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Single process linear search
returned index: 9594 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Single process linear search
returned index: 5232 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Single process linear search
returned index: 4812 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Single process linear search
returned index: 4831 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Single process linear search
returned index: 5231 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Single process linear search
returned index: 3107 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Single process linear search
returned index: 6567 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Single process linear search
returned index: 1136 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Single process linear search
returned index: 6803 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Single process linear search
returned index: 1728 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Single process linear search
returned index: 7504 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Single process linear search
returned index: 1932 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Single process linear search
returned index: 3570 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Single process linear search
returned index: 6157 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Single process linear search
returned index: 7748 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Single process linear search
returned index: 3726 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Single process linear search
returned index: 9420 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Single process linear search
returned index: 6191 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Single process linear search
returned index: 3813 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Single process linear search
returned index: 9312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Single process linear search
returned index: 1636 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Single process linear search
returned index: 4149 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Single process linear search
returned index: 2201 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Single process linear search
returned index: 7989 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Single process linear search
returned index: 4902 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Single process linear search
returned index: 5256 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Single process linear search
returned index: 3619 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Single process linear search
returned index: 8648 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Single process linear search
returned index: 2200 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Single process linear search
returned index: 9235 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Single process linear search
returned index: 9702 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Single process linear search
returned index: 7347 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Single process linear search
returned index: 2736 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Single process linear search
returned index: 1022 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Single process linear search
returned index: 4891 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Single process linear search
returned index: 3753 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Single process linear search
returned index: 7191 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Single process linear search
returned index: 4460 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Single process linear search
returned index: 9364 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Single process linear search
returned index: 6286 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Single process linear search
returned index: 3971 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Single process linear search
returned index: 2039 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Single process linear search
returned index: 2425 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Single process linear search
returned index: 6817 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Single process linear search
returned index: 3973 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Single process linear search
returned index: 8299 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Single process linear search
returned index: 7940 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Single process linear search
returned index: 5617 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Single process linear search
returned index: 6794 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Single process linear search
returned index: 5471 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Single process linear search
returned index: 3724 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Single process linear search
returned index: 4950 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Single process linear search
returned index: 1577 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Single process linear search
returned index: 7370 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Single process linear search
returned index: 8574 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Single process linear search
returned index: 9575 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 3.072000 µs
max: 18.176000 µs
avg: 3.179520 µs
stddev: 1.534353 µs

- end of test -

Test C0_3
- test parameters -
array capacity: 20000
array partition size: 20000
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Single process linear search
returned index: 4306 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Single process linear search
returned index: 1552 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Single process linear search
returned index: 8333 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Single process linear search
returned index: 17852 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Single process linear search
returned index: 19834 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Single process linear search
returned index: 12212 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Single process linear search
returned index: 5238 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Single process linear search
returned index: 19336 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Single process linear search
returned index: 3132 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Single process linear search
returned index: 1813 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Single process linear search
returned index: 19499 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Single process linear search
returned index: 16208 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Single process linear search
returned index: 1180 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Single process linear search
returned index: 16578 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Single process linear search
returned index: 13104 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Single process linear search
returned index: 13548 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Single process linear search
returned index: 8727 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Single process linear search
returned index: 7140 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Single process linear search
returned index: 9365 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Single process linear search
returned index: 11775 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Single process linear search
returned index: 16450 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Single process linear search
returned index: 6856 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Single process linear search
returned index: 8753 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Single process linear search
returned index: 5201 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Single process linear search
returned index: 16762 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Single process linear search
returned index: 5926 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Single process linear search
returned index: 19899 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Single process linear search
returned index: 13383 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Single process linear search
returned index: 1712 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Single process linear search
returned index: 2999 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Single process linear search
returned index: 2206 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Single process linear search
returned index: 10395 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Single process linear search
returned index: 1887 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Single process linear search
returned index: 4802 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Single process linear search
returned index: 14812 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Single process linear search
returned index: 11560 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Single process linear search
returned index: 19967 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Single process linear search
returned index: 14339 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Single process linear search
returned index: 19086 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Single process linear search
returned index: 4915 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Single process linear search
returned index: 3976 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Single process linear search
returned index: 16558 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Single process linear search
returned index: 2198 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Single process linear search
returned index: 17901 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Single process linear search
returned index: 8213 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Single process linear search
returned index: 724 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Single process linear search
returned index: 7036 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Single process linear search
returned index: 11536 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Single process linear search
returned index: 6118 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Single process linear search
returned index: 1268 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Single process linear search
returned index: 11004 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Single process linear search
returned index: 8042 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Single process linear search
returned index: 1314 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Single process linear search
returned index: 16696 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Single process linear search
returned index: 6798 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Single process linear search
returned index: 19752 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Single process linear search
returned index: 11776 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Single process linear search
returned index: 15757 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Single process linear search
returned index: 6867 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Single process linear search
returned index: 14415 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Single process linear search
returned index: 10382 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Single process linear search
returned index: 8856 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Single process linear search
returned index: 10365 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Single process linear search
returned index: 12131 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Single process linear search
returned index: 16076 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Single process linear search
returned index: 9799 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Single process linear search
returned index: 16183 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Single process linear search
returned index: 4798 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Single process linear search
returned index: 12320 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Single process linear search
returned index: 1323 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Single process linear search
returned index: 15284 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Single process linear search
returned index: 2685 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Single process linear search
returned index: 11581 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Single process linear search
returned index: 9450 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Single process linear search
returned index: 12640 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Single process linear search
returned index: 7983 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Single process linear search
returned index: 13023 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Single process linear search
returned index: 9286 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Single process linear search
returned index: 16881 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Single process linear search
returned index: 17308 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Single process linear search
returned index: 8768 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Single process linear search
returned index: 15258 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Single process linear search
returned index: 7909 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Single process linear search
returned index: 3701 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Single process linear search
returned index: 6178 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Single process linear search
returned index: 2176 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Single process linear search
returned index: 510 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Single process linear search
returned index: 18437 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Single process linear search
returned index: 4075 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Single process linear search
returned index: 14766 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Single process linear search
returned index: 7249 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Single process linear search
returned index: 2660 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Single process linear search
returned index: 19585 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Single process linear search
returned index: 7383 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Single process linear search
returned index: 17746 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Single process linear search
returned index: 17697 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Single process linear search
returned index: 14825 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Single process linear search
returned index: 16694 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Single process linear search
returned index: 1085 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Single process linear search
returned index: 15314 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 6.144000 µs
max: 17.152000 µs
avg: 6.218240 µs
stddev: 1.325626 µs

- end of test -

Test C0_4
- test parameters -
array capacity: 25000
array partition size: 25000
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Single process linear search
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Single process linear search
returned index: 9322 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Single process linear search
returned index: 12792 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Single process linear search
returned index: 22776 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Single process linear search
returned index: 23937 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Single process linear search
returned index: 19472 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Single process linear search
returned index: 2058 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Single process linear search
returned index: 2126 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Single process linear search
returned index: 19535 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Single process linear search
returned index: 3519 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Single process linear search
returned index: 12372 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Single process linear search
returned index: 1129 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Single process linear search
returned index: 4034 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Single process linear search
returned index: 8119 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Single process linear search
returned index: 24635 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Single process linear search
returned index: 13555 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Single process linear search
returned index: 24699 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Single process linear search
returned index: 2603 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Single process linear search
returned index: 23791 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Single process linear search
returned index: 16031 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Single process linear search
returned index: 3145 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Single process linear search
returned index: 8993 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Single process linear search
returned index: 12592 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Single process linear search
returned index: 11351 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Single process linear search
returned index: 10072 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Single process linear search
returned index: 22972 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Single process linear search
returned index: 827 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Single process linear search
returned index: 16361 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Single process linear search
returned index: 22460 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Single process linear search
returned index: 4314 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Single process linear search
returned index: 17923 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Single process linear search
returned index: 23594 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Single process linear search
returned index: 4249 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Single process linear search
returned index: 20977 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Single process linear search
returned index: 22083 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Single process linear search
returned index: 1206 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Single process linear search
returned index: 12946 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Single process linear search
returned index: 19400 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Single process linear search
returned index: 20408 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Single process linear search
returned index: 10272 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Single process linear search
returned index: 19851 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Single process linear search
returned index: 10539 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Single process linear search
returned index: 6375 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Single process linear search
returned index: 12313 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Single process linear search
returned index: 21670 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Single process linear search
returned index: 14525 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Single process linear search
returned index: 24050 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Single process linear search
returned index: 2341 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Single process linear search
returned index: 20055 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Single process linear search
returned index: 21084 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Single process linear search
returned index: 13992 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Single process linear search
returned index: 20297 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Single process linear search
returned index: 1552 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Single process linear search
returned index: 2570 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Single process linear search
returned index: 8435 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Single process linear search
returned index: 23490 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Single process linear search
returned index: 2328 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Single process linear search
returned index: 17859 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Single process linear search
returned index: 5420 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Single process linear search
returned index: 22823 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Single process linear search
returned index: 9518 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Single process linear search
returned index: 22499 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Single process linear search
returned index: 12985 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Single process linear search
returned index: 16524 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Single process linear search
returned index: 20105 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Single process linear search
returned index: 5764 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Single process linear search
returned index: 17730 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Single process linear search
returned index: 2096 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Single process linear search
returned index: 379 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Single process linear search
returned index: 3515 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Single process linear search
returned index: 21615 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Single process linear search
returned index: 15624 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Single process linear search
returned index: 13208 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Single process linear search
returned index: 4185 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Single process linear search
returned index: 434 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Single process linear search
returned index: 23826 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Single process linear search
returned index: 8102 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Single process linear search
returned index: 3487 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Single process linear search
returned index: 13320 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Single process linear search
returned index: 13122 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Single process linear search
returned index: 18271 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Single process linear search
returned index: 22873 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Single process linear search
returned index: 15286 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Single process linear search
returned index: 296 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Single process linear search
returned index: 7145 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Single process linear search
returned index: 3401 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Single process linear search
returned index: 12665 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Single process linear search
returned index: 14708 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Single process linear search
returned index: 18383 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Single process linear search
returned index: 23644 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Single process linear search
returned index: 7112 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Single process linear search
returned index: 8896 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Single process linear search
returned index: 22827 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Single process linear search
returned index: 22142 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Single process linear search
returned index: 16928 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Single process linear search
returned index: 3270 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Single process linear search
returned index: 16022 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Single process linear search
returned index: 15906 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Single process linear search
returned index: 1301 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Single process linear search
returned index: 23378 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 5.888000 µs
max: 19.968000 µs
avg: 6.453760 µs
stddev: 1.672302 µs

- end of test -

Test P0_0
- test parameters -
array capacity: 500
array partition size: 25
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 196 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 302 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 180 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 426 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 439 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 362 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 160 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 120 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 329 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 94 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 92 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 456 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 316 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 492 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 297 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 29 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 112 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 321 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 243 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 51 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 246 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 200 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 230 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 368 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 34 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 422 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 306 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 235 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 166 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 269 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 63 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 215 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 233 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 249 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 91 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 263 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 296 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 353 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 46 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 28 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 275 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 262 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 100 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 188 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 379 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 65 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 488 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 65 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 427 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 434 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 320 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 272 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 92 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 425 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 220 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 141 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 158 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 157 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 392 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 176 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 70 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 258 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 334 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 31 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 89 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 359 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 255 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 362 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 239 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 220 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 70 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 395 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 414 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 466 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 77 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 499 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 428 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 417 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 117 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 51 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 67 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 194 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 381 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 476 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 434 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 30 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 462 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 419 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 1587.200000 µs
max: 1587.200000 µs
avg: 299.857920 µs
stddev: 155.820548 µs

- end of test -

Test P0_1
- test parameters -
array capacity: 5000
array partition size: 25
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3183 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 339 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3037 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4819 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2393 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2602 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 324 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1611 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1410 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4452 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3206 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2575 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4467 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 794 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1215 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 61 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 485 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2933 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4232 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1894 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4130 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2597 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2104 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2898 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2578 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4315 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2058 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3992 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2806 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2997 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3699 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2216 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4693 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3306 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3779 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4699 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3272 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3500 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 983 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3946 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1014 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1467 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4898 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2430 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1159 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1766 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4181 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4337 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2238 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1041 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4139 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 360 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2267 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1019 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2262 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4342 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 188 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2618 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3817 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2541 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3476 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2974 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1118 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4126 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4373 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1041 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 756 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1124 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2207 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3542 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1339 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4080 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4514 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2665 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2815 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3854 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3225 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2269 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 233 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4358 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1058 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1936 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1172 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 160 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 710 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1883 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 441 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4049 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4166 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 653 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4608 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 896 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4319 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3212 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3036 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2812 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 109 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1454 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2457 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 2654.976000 µs
max: 14338.048000 µs
avg: 3703.608320 µs
stddev: 2809.665492 µs

- end of test -

Test P0_2
- test parameters -
array capacity: 10000
array partition size: 25
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5248 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9268 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 565 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5852 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7236 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1137 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8018 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1702 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5542 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4843 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7616 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5376 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2768 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9715 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 159 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8667 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7504 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9483 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2272 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6622 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7641 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5185 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3911 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3103 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4524 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7491 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8379 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6448 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8109 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1416 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7516 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4593 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9161 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8128 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1003 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4022 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2178 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5537 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6095 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8288 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3601 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7258 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9149 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8399 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1051 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7650 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4016 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9432 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7117 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 58 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4206 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1234 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8530 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1164 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9182 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1212 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4817 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4779 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5189 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3982 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6334 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6744 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9809 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7866 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1568 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9779 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7419 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 68 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9991 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7253 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7429 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7369 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7804 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 69 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2032 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5271 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9196 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9202 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4960 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8551 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4439 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5418 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1800 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3805 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4388 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1546 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8485 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3127 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6323 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6106 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 738 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4349 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1254 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8379 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3434 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1805 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2451 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 192 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 4726.016000 µs
max: 8136.960000 µs
avg: 5161.180160 µs
stddev: 650.012661 µs

- end of test -

Test P0_3
- test parameters -
array capacity: 20000
array partition size: 25
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11957 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19911 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12445 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5734 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7686 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9628 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6154 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9739 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4018 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11181 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4682 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11146 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9234 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7408 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8843 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9585 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7383 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8112 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5133 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12176 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11595 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4219 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1413 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17493 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19668 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13864 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16459 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17462 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13275 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15230 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18219 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2016 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10994 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10337 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5759 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8770 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8540 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12602 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2355 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7087 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15898 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18421 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6535 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13815 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15569 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7098 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8914 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18767 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18513 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19315 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12372 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16487 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18920 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12136 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16828 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3014 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4648 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9751 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14402 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2654 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12971 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14186 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17762 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6637 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8479 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4830 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17859 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14680 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5766 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11032 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1642 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17140 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11032 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1375 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6780 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2409 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6878 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11074 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5755 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13163 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10317 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12877 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16471 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1175 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19733 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10330 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13847 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13904 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7040 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17629 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17457 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16018 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15494 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7507 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13751 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7048 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13459 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11493 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18179 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17042 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 13688.832000 µs
max: 17447.936000 µs
avg: 13924.134400 µs
stddev: 979.661831 µs

- end of test -

Test P0_4
- test parameters -
array capacity: 25000
array partition size: 25
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8586 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9738 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1730 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23682 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16836 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20347 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5761 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11286 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3249 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2596 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19263 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22859 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23096 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5339 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6427 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1060 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8245 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16684 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5134 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22811 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1234 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19429 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1434 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20787 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7010 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22732 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20477 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17660 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24819 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10262 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18592 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1748 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22859 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21218 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23041 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4207 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14740 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3614 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20422 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1875 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7248 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18699 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8512 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12019 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1536 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14631 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3114 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14770 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8285 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9363 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12308 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6727 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22960 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13475 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16099 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4161 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19755 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7966 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8008 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22052 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3263 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3667 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7483 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5149 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24226 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20956 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14689 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5098 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21824 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4715 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23093 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5980 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8095 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23223 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4495 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9429 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4252 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7965 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11000 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4409 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15818 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8410 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15664 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14329 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6719 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22890 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13109 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16493 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1401 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13659 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23384 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6771 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14073 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19160 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21722 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2785 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1251 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4650 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14857 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 19489.792000 µs
max: 22178.048000 µs
avg: 19930.247680 µs
stddev: 787.252937 µs

- end of test -

Test P1_0
- test parameters -
array capacity: 500
array partition size: 50
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 464 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 295 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 283 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 338 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 87 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 485 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 32 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 37 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 329 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 401 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 448 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 330 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 116 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 388 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 205 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 212 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 493 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 436 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 490 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 54 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 331 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 189 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 420 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 436 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 260 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 193 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 29 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 329 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 157 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 161 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 394 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 472 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 408 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 278 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 174 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 323 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 248 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 57 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 462 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 422 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 465 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 144 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 123 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 115 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 263 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 255 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 189 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 37 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 240 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 140 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 188 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 127 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 328 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 284 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 225 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 439 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 371 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 270 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 195 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 398 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 414 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 76 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 213 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 360 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 165 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 273 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 401 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 452 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 25 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 410 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 185 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 142 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 92 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 302 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 368 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 131 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 98 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 419 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 240 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 26 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 36 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 157 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 74 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 126 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 367 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 220 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 439 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 251 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 66 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 67 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 178 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 235 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 275 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 201 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 94.976000 µs
max: 196.864000 µs
avg: 100.559360 µs
stddev: 12.649272 µs

- end of test -

Test P1_1
- test parameters -
array capacity: 5000
array partition size: 50
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1848 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1428 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3142 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3710 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1291 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3003 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1360 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3179 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3843 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3486 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1452 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4015 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4830 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1943 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4300 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4109 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2222 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2979 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2500 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2796 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1843 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3577 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 760 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 842 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4786 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3123 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4008 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 651 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2472 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 313 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1393 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3478 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3267 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2824 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4441 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3309 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1944 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3517 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4292 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2487 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3370 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4596 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1346 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 108 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4912 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2947 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1097 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4164 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4836 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3655 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 368 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1169 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3938 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4983 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 38 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1898 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2275 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1585 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4470 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4714 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4612 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3923 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1132 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 196 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 438 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2325 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 499 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1815 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1397 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1099 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2022 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1180 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3283 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3175 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4299 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 690 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3302 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4429 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3572 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4370 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4365 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 518 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2595 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1544 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 923 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2909 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2812 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4214 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3192 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4005 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3566 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4175 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2870 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4401 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4482 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3734 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3244 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1202 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1657 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1916 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 1014.016000 µs
max: 1882.112000 µs
avg: 1104.760320 µs
stddev: 168.223141 µs

- end of test -

Test P1_2
- test parameters -
array capacity: 10000
array partition size: 50
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6848 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4762 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5635 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4034 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 404 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6982 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5161 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9493 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2539 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4804 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9588 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2164 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6216 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3024 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7289 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8227 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3980 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5259 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3323 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8472 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9525 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8289 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1060 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4028 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4620 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2114 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3329 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6010 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2154 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5642 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3494 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2125 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6197 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9997 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6693 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6964 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8141 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3533 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5569 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9656 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1326 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6817 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5725 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 836 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 745 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3232 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8263 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7185 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4189 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7367 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1509 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1115 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8920 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1791 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2555 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9541 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9273 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 746 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5620 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8600 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1359 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6696 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8956 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 146 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8435 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4943 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1358 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1938 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9325 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3994 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5241 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9963 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4959 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3867 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6111 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4999 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6967 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8683 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6948 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 93 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7082 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6697 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8002 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5987 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7503 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8553 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1078 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8030 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8804 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 684 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5713 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6064 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6634 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4569 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1680 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9705 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3723 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9070 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9128 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1252 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 2135.808000 µs
max: 2977.024000 µs
avg: 2249.971200 µs
stddev: 192.157708 µs

- end of test -

Test P1_3
- test parameters -
array capacity: 20000
array partition size: 50
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3856 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1599 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9968 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19094 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8351 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17112 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2292 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11209 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15947 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16355 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14545 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10509 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14375 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15446 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17380 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18360 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6588 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11852 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17427 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17587 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10024 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19347 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6661 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11292 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5616 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15405 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6484 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19527 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16860 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5918 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15794 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11069 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16124 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9547 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13963 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13773 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5654 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6372 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3069 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7233 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2226 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7530 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13824 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17699 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12594 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3720 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18632 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 799 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15150 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14197 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13914 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5697 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4837 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16948 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19709 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12489 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9374 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19130 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6551 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3327 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11859 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3703 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1014 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14444 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12248 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 916 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14208 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15903 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17162 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18015 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7666 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16130 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16369 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19693 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3760 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5945 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1873 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4898 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7524 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12866 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14294 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19778 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14718 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10306 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2946 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3548 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15772 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15253 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9081 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1936 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9450 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6424 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8003 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6830 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8099 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11642 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3395 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19261 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14895 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18399 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 4644.096000 µs
max: 6455.040000 µs
avg: 4981.081600 µs
stddev: 420.370942 µs

- end of test -

Test P1_4
- test parameters -
array capacity: 25000
array partition size: 50
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13428 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1283 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7702 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9817 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7159 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23412 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1775 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13949 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3218 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19422 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4412 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14372 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4958 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10963 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12024 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15773 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7732 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3673 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1044 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9085 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2902 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18179 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23987 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8607 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3244 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4702 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23551 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3672 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9009 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18940 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13488 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17826 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8414 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12898 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17759 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24127 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14734 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17398 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3320 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15973 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3989 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15956 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18268 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20076 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2389 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9857 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 332 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3943 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3227 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16419 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20375 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6982 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21079 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22286 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5407 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24932 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10117 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15428 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 700 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5408 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20890 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11553 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9789 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6394 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6083 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 989 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 653 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19146 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3579 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21017 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19739 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1475 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4937 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21749 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21745 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2294 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4762 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15297 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1252 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12148 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13997 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12473 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17576 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5334 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 284 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13040 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17494 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20684 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14141 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14499 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19403 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9971 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24406 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15052 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1871 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20071 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21920 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18198 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20047 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 6996.992000 µs
max: 8564.224000 µs
avg: 6667.965440 µs
stddev: 530.481183 µs

- end of test -

Test P2_0
- test parameters -
array capacity: 500
array partition size: 125
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 68 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 386 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 423 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 233 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 291 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 399 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 239 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 377 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 84 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 386 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 360 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 460 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 395 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 477 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 95 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 427 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 442 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 112 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 428 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 287 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 360 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 189 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 456 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 313 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 233 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 281 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 286 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 158 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 69 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 342 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 177 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 230 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 254 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 441 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 389 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 362 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 90 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 75 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 327 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 305 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 293 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 397 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 206 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 483 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 422 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 486 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 98 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 475 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 41 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 242 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 67 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 62 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 54 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 253 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 190 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 268 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 492 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 290 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 220 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 477 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 101 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 489 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 338 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 384 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 476 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 332 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 195 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 371 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 279 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 40 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 79 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 252 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 337 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 366 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 245 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 345 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 117 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 39 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 302 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 187 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 261 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 444 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 69 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 189 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 480 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 105 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 302 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 61 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 132 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 432 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 388 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 201 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 457 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 414 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 39.936000 µs
max: 122.112000 µs
avg: 44.710400 µs
stddev: 11.810542 µs

- end of test -

Test P2_1
- test parameters -
array capacity: 5000
array partition size: 125
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1778 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1187 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3163 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3947 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4800 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2542 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3026 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1575 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2059 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1834 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4560 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1303 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4632 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4714 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4917 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2648 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4487 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 800 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2883 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 896 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1374 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1737 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1122 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1672 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4246 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1232 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 29 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2452 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1168 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4085 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4531 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3975 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3936 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3909 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4668 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1215 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2393 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4566 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 368 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1329 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1796 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 583 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 510 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 150 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1679 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2034 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4775 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1890 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4477 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3209 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1504 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3575 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1383 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 338 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2383 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1637 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4944 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2135 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2758 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2164 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 485 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2283 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4493 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4741 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4971 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3186 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3120 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2568 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3534 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 795 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1071 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3607 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2853 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4366 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1167 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1265 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1921 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 211 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4562 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2468 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4637 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3410 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2268 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4536 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1158 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1890 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2539 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1698 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4750 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 514 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2231 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3359 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4806 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2688 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3736 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1603 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 601 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 503 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3427 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3349 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 419.072000 µs
max: 910.080000 µs
avg: 462.136320 µs
stddev: 115.114523 µs

- end of test -

Test P2_2
- test parameters -
array capacity: 10000
array partition size: 125
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7576 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3964 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3815 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5813 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1542 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1242 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6167 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1450 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2513 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3943 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9186 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3301 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5073 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8088 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7359 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 244 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1220 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1286 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9283 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2986 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 951 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6617 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7469 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 911 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8335 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7965 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9506 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 404 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8437 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9690 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6689 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4098 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5206 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6099 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1866 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8259 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1607 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 577 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8958 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6409 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 121 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4430 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7846 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7008 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1042 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 681 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6389 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5143 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5606 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8460 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5107 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9018 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3518 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1991 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1219 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2200 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5640 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 595 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6041 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1615 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9963 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9509 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6142 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6989 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4875 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3341 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 803 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1404 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9083 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 885 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3773 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 33 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9471 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3298 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7329 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4891 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5143 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9592 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4404 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8289 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8057 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7981 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8394 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3017 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8387 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3427 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7151 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 472 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3485 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7384 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7877 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1755 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8477 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1110 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 713 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2207 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9298 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4209 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6517 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 813.056000 µs
max: 1620.224000 µs
avg: 870.850560 µs
stddev: 129.028592 µs

- end of test -

Test P2_3
- test parameters -
array capacity: 20000
array partition size: 125
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14203 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6946 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5767 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1675 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12695 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15742 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8962 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1538 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9483 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14916 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5205 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11185 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13417 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17016 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11207 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7620 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17828 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12732 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7387 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12007 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18953 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14198 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13554 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8318 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6916 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11090 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5444 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1931 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7415 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3823 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1659 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 494 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11173 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5993 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3917 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13288 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5241 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2802 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4089 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11867 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6091 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5055 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18968 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5598 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9510 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13194 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13197 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11918 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2359 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19656 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 277 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6978 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6618 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5361 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7015 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14790 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5916 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17189 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11100 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15520 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6847 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7279 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2592 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4090 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5702 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6871 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4373 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2121 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15581 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11941 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13833 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18186 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19800 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3661 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13772 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7026 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14415 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15560 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4693 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15839 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3861 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11100 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16885 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11239 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18218 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11944 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15791 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6455 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5980 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8127 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2835 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17450 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10276 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14547 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12708 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 270 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5500 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7324 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 1625.088000 µs
max: 3021.824000 µs
avg: 1789.056000 µs
stddev: 224.174730 µs

- end of test -

Test P2_4
- test parameters -
array capacity: 25000
array partition size: 125
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6684 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5684 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7074 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14200 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4989 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18043 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3037 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19332 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17820 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3750 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16684 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13073 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19690 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24299 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11068 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13887 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18224 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19237 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1124 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9828 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1266 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16517 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15149 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16048 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3284 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15946 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21507 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20324 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18954 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4943 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24247 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24741 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11706 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3523 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11821 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18727 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11820 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5572 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17546 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3957 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22376 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4711 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18721 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22194 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13859 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12534 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18132 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20486 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13381 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4319 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3255 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9703 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18515 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 61 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5994 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5298 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19159 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9546 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9586 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9027 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2996 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23442 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15193 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1335 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7829 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2282 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9817 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23780 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4168 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5562 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7399 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3358 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21012 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1517 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19403 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5017 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2610 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8878 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24194 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8763 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10181 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22385 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21513 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1390 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8115 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11510 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14603 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20511 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9247 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9775 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7588 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16400 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11218 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1403 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2422 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14664 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9848 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10922 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3412 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 2981.120000 µs
max: 3098.112000 µs
avg: 2278.615040 µs
stddev: 270.209667 µs

- end of test -

Test P3_0
- test parameters -
array capacity: 500
array partition size: 250
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 242 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 99 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 51 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 183 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 244 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 358 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 493 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 222 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 278 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 195 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 371 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 419 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 237 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 27 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 249 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 478 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 361 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 95 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 87 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 302 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 96 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 178 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 455 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 89 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 286 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 437 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 380 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 415 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 302 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 244 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 212 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 93 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 182 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 187 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 59 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 30 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 314 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 71 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 228 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 489 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 498 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 442 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 135 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 289 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 498 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 81 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 217 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 460 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 159 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 210 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 442 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 296 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 296 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 177 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 134 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 294 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 312 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 361 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 238 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 42 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 187 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 126 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 412 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 463 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 103 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 179 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 116 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 438 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 70 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 148 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 63 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 326 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 362 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 229 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 283 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 269 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 59 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 136 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 159 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 217 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 348 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 339 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 231 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 325 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 159 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 364 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 240 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 51 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 230 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 183 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 366 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 298 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 356 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 77 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 32 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 53 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 23.808000 µs
max: 80.896000 µs
avg: 29.373440 µs
stddev: 11.949970 µs

- end of test -

Test P3_1
- test parameters -
array capacity: 5000
array partition size: 250
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2409 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 946 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3184 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4184 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3309 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3434 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1045 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3618 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 275 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3829 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4021 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3591 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4434 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1132 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 534 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1187 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3105 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2268 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3266 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2643 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 905 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3544 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1484 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1149 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2353 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4341 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4697 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2900 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1217 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2857 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4022 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4472 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4605 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1347 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4895 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4121 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2842 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 615 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2797 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3818 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 222 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1570 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1027 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 192 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3446 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2474 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2100 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 969 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2765 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1410 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1287 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 981 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 181 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4340 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4728 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1260 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2685 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2399 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4614 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1358 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4290 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2854 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4286 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3151 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4047 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 741 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1968 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4318 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1844 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3767 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2387 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2423 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 557 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1682 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1840 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 540 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4640 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 552 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 566 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3556 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1302 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1941 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3881 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 40 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4518 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 913 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4182 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1308 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2023 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4543 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2543 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 389 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 975 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2990 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4472 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1605 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3451 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 197 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3429 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 243.968000 µs
max: 443.136000 µs
avg: 221.962240 µs
stddev: 46.106267 µs

- end of test -

Test P3_2
- test parameters -
array capacity: 10000
array partition size: 250
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4922 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9519 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5642 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3945 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2680 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1855 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7173 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3407 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6134 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9435 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8784 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4438 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 283 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3152 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1076 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2261 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8460 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7313 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5243 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1572 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2800 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3613 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2174 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 910 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3555 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4556 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6248 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3002 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8654 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1232 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9533 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7606 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1999 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 415 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9152 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6768 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2024 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6034 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5585 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8260 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7845 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3425 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6782 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4856 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6918 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2499 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6746 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5593 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9744 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7492 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9058 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2746 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2763 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5245 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1427 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2897 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5127 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 534 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9217 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7129 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1871 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6877 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 62 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2138 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5543 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4807 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5324 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6021 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7130 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4172 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2882 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1230 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8754 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5075 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4132 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3306 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2815 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1603 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2236 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8715 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9496 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5770 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7960 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4448 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8531 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4574 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9423 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6272 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2140 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6286 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5408 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6043 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3229 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6032 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6893 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5368 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 691 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9526 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9290 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1782 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 392.960000 µs
max: 886.016000 µs
avg: 435.857920 µs
stddev: 83.697201 µs

- end of test -

Test P3_3
- test parameters -
array capacity: 20000
array partition size: 250
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1718 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2529 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2085 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14798 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19536 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2591 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6745 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16628 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1977 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10368 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4421 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19323 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19682 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6924 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9454 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15672 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15826 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3388 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1876 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4230 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4750 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4667 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11245 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17104 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1492 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4878 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10995 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2653 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17675 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17944 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19036 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12930 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7194 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11441 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8383 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14566 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2180 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 204 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11060 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14724 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5952 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16204 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2005 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8764 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5342 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11123 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16741 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1942 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11244 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13286 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10804 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17262 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19364 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17008 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9880 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18233 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1009 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1494 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6676 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4858 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2519 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18497 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6379 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19250 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5957 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4268 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13972 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19148 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 227 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14378 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12929 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15032 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7513 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7973 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16259 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17302 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5449 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2646 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6528 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12317 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13179 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13255 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13313 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17416 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19254 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10222 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6706 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1183 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14807 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5999 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19813 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1889 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8251 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15193 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10448 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8910 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5699 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9802 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5645 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12601 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 795.136000 µs
max: 1404.928000 µs
avg: 869.189120 µs
stddev: 120.570934 µs

- end of test -

Test P3_4
- test parameters -
array capacity: 25000
array partition size: 250
array search key: 99
iteration count: 100

test iteration: 0
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18381 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 1
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1338 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 2
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5666 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 3
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1551 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 4
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6989 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 5
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 4988 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 6
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8203 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 7
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22137 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 8
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11503 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 9
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10595 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 10
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22581 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 11
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18128 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 12
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12057 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 13
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23830 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 14
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18709 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 15
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16472 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 16
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14404 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 17
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24101 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 18
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1757 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 19
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13036 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 20
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24346 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 21
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10124 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 22
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3545 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 23
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24427 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 24
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2054 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 25
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2394 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 26
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24370 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 27
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11867 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 28
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 358 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 29
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21708 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 30
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8067 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 31
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17060 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 32
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 15080 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 33
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11584 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 34
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14300 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 35
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16566 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 36
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8908 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 37
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20056 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 38
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11673 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 39
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20171 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 40
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6103 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 41
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8311 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 42
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1484 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 43
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22993 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 44
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1406 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 45
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9531 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 46
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2386 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 47
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21125 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 48
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16684 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 49
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 24553 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 50
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22740 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 51
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1656 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 52
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10431 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 53
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10735 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 54
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14744 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 55
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 19715 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 56
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20703 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 57
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16832 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 58
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 14243 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 59
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2039 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 60
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22411 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 61
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22164 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 62
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10792 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 63
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12095 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 64
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 23992 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 65
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12940 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 66
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6022 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 67
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20264 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 68
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16841 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 69
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10334 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 70
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12319 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 71
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7738 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 72
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13323 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 73
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1779 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 74
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 20275 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 75
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 22642 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 76
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11512 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 77
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 13919 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 78
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 6276 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 79
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 151 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 80
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 11240 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 81
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12176 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 82
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7889 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 83
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10841 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 84
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21339 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 85
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 2496 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 86
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 3190 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 87
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 21879 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 88
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 8522 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 89
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1881 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 90
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 12642 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 91
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 147 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 92
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 5205 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 93
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 17041 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 94
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 16031 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 95
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 9582 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 96
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 18420 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 97
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 7408 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 98
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 1498 (was found)
search successful
------------
test iteration: 99
Multithreaded linear search (-thread)
returned index: 10444 (was found)
search successful
------------
min: 1024.000000 µs
max: 1841.920000 µs
avg: 1132.142080 µs
stddev: 181.123304 µs

- end of test -

